Adding structure and enhancements to user documentation (#9799)
gardener/gardener: docs/usage/shoot_settings/default_seccomp_profile.md

---
title: Default Seccomp Profile

> description: Enable the use of `RuntimeDefault` as the default seccomp profile through `spec.kubernetes.kubelet.seccompDefault`

Reviewer: I would avoid adding the field as kubelet settings can be provided globally (https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/98fb871eb6045f69715d9f8b39dd84f9637f1fa0/example/90-shoot.yaml#L237, `spec.kubernetes.kubelet`) and they can be also provided per worker pool (https://github.com/gardener/gardener/blob/98fb871eb6045f69715d9f8b39dd84f9637f1fa0/example/90-shoot.yaml#L79, `spec.provider.workers[].kubernetes.kubelet`).

---

# Default Seccomp Profile and Configuration 

> This is a short guide describing how to enable the defaulting of seccomp profiles for Gardener managed workloads in the seed. Running pods in `Unconfined` (seccomp disabled) mode is undesirable since this is the least restrictive profile. Also, mind that any privileged container will always run as `Unconfined`. More information about seccomp can be found in this [Kubernetes tutorial](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/security/seccomp/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a short guide describing how to enable the defaulting of seccomp profiles for Gardener managed workloads for a Shoot cluster. Running pods in `Unconfined` (seccomp disabled) mode is undesirable since this is the least restrictive profile. Also, mind that any privileged container will always run as `Unconfined`. More information about seccomp can be found in this [Kubernetes tutorial](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/security/seccomp/).
```

## Setting the Seccomp Profile to RuntimeDefault for Shoot Clusters

You can enable the use of `RuntimeDefault` as the default seccomp profile for all workloads. If enabled, the kubelet will use the `RuntimeDefault` seccomp profile by default, which is defined by the container runtime, instead of using the `Unconfined` mode. More information for this feature can be found in the [Kubernetes documentation](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/security/seccomp/#enable-the-use-of-runtimedefault-as-the-default-seccomp-profile-for-all-workloads).

> To use seccomp profile defaulting, you must run the kubelet with the `SeccompDefault` feature gate enabled (this is the default).

Reviewer: `(this is the default)` - this is not a good explanation. Enabled by default since which K8s version? What is the feature gate state across the different K8s versions?
